Adding basic pivot grid topic. (#3111)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/pivotGrid/pivot-grid.md

 The rows and columns represent distinct data groups, and the data cell values represent aggregations. This allows for complex data analysis based on a simple flat data set.
The `IgxPivotGridComponent` is a feature-rich pivot table that allows easy configuration of the different dimensions and values as well as additional data operations on them like filtering and sorting.

Can be used as a stand-alone component as well as in combination with the Angular Pivot Data Selector Component for more flexible runtime configuration options.

<code-view style="height: 530px" 
           data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}" 
           iframe-src="{environment:demosBaseUrl}/pivot-grid/pivot-with-selector-sample" alt="Angular Pivot Grid with Pivot Selector Example">
</code-view>

# Angular Pivot Grid Configuration

The Angular Pivot Grid Component can be configured via the [`pivotConfiguration`](({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxgridcomponent.html#pivotConfiguration)) property.

```html
<igx-pivot-grid #grid1 [data]="data" [pivotConfiguration]="pivotConfigHierarchy">
</igx-pivot-grid>
```

> It is defined by three main dimensions: `rows`, `columns` and `values`. The `rows` and `columns` define the grouped structure that will be displayed in the rows and columns of the grid. The `values` define the aggregation fields and the aggregation that will be used to calculate and display the related values of the groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is defined by three main dimensions: `rows`, `columns` and `values`. The `rows` and `columns` define the grouped structure that is displayed in the rows and columns of the grid. The `values` define the aggregation fields and the aggregation that will be used to calculate and display the related values of the groups.
```

A filter can also be defined via the `filters` configuration property. It can be used for fields that you do not want to add as a dimension or a value but would like to filter their related member's values via the UI.

## Dimensions configuration

Each basic dimension configuration requires a `memberName` that matches a field from the provided `data`, or a `memberFunction` that extracts a value from the record in case of complex objects or other custom scenarios.

> Multiple sibling dimensions can be defined, which will create a more complex nested group in the related row or column dimension area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple sibling dimensions can be defined, which creates a more complex nested group in the related row or column dimension area.
```

- `IgxPivotNumericAggregate` - for numeric fields.
    Contains the following aggregation functions: `SUM`, `AVG`, `MIN`, `MAX`, `COUNT`.
- `IgxPivotDateAggregate` - for date fields.
    Contains the following aggregation functions: `LATEST`, `EARLIEST`, `COUNT`.
- `IgxPivotTimeAggregate` - for time fields.
    Contains the following aggregation functions: `LATEST`, `EARLIEST`, `COUNT`.
- `IgxPivotAggregate` - for any other data types. This is the base aggregation.
    Contains the following aggregation functions: `COUNT`.

The current aggregation function can be changed runtime using the value chip's drop-down. By default, it displays a list of available aggregations based on the field's data type. A custom list of aggregations can also be set via the `aggregateList` property, for example:

```typescript
public pivotConfigHierarchy: IPivotConfiguration = {
    values: [
            {
                member: 'AmountOfSale',
                displayName: 'Amount of Sale',
                aggregate: {
                    key: 'SUM',

>                     aggregator: IgxTotalSaleAggregate.totalSale,

Reviewer: You should provide at least one example of an aggregate function.
